Add salt icons css (#3092)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: .changeset/odd-cats-act.md

---
"@salt-ds/icons": minor
---

> Added `saltIcons.css` with all icons SVG as background image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `saltIcons.css` with all icon SVGs as background images.
```

```js

> import "@salt-ds/icons/saltIcons.css";

Reviewer 2: checking since it's copied to salt-icons.css, is saltIcons.css the one consumers would use or would it be salt-icons?

Author: i removed the copy for it to work how country symbols do for now

const Example = () => {

>   const iconName = `AddDocument`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const iconName = "AddDocument";
```
